Front End Instructions
Refer to lastknights.com for an idea of how to create the visual aspect of this web game.
If you have already tried it out as was requested to better understand the scope of this project then please read on.
I will be organizing a rough layout, of how I want the games visuals to appear, using wix.
You will, then, use these layouts to create the official style of the webpage(s).
I am currently in the process of collecting some artwork from a few sources that will be implemented into the design of the webpage(s).
The overall layout should be open and not cluttered or overly spacious.  
Refer to my layout designs as guidelines only.
I will guide you through to perfection and feel free to give your own advice and opinions as well.

Below is the TASK LIST and will be the same for both Front and Backend programmers but, ofcourse, involving different jobs.
Once we have completed with one task and we have confirmed that it is working effectively all programmers will be permitted to continue to the next task.
The tasks may change based on what needs to be done so pay close attention to the task list.
Thanks again for all of your help!

TASK LIST
1.) Main Page(s) (Game info, history, news, updates, development team contact info, screenshots, resources, COUNTDOWN TO GAME LAUNCH, etc.)
2.) Launch Page (Log in/register, introductions) / Choose a country page (Country, history, stats, unit types, etc.)
3.) Locked/positioned Action Info Bar which includes in-Game info for players such as;
  Army size and injured/uninjured
  No. of online players in said country/No. of online players total
  Captured cities out of total cities
  Movement points
  City and Country of player
Pop-up/extending window revealing, 
      Base terrain bonuses for country
      calculated terrain bonuses for units
      Adjusted terrain bonuses for country and units vs currently warred enemy country
      Interactive location-to-travel dropdown menu and action button
3.) In-game Starter Page (gameplay visuals, game buttons, mini-map, java-animated screen city view, etc.)
4.) Java-animated interactive 2D/3D continental map which will include things such as;
  Commander Avatar models with few animated movements
  Animated clouds/smoke/fog
  Clickable areas on the map resulting in displays of currently accessible information
  Floating icons pertaining to quests
  Player-activated location-request markers
  Player-activated shout-out commands
  Visual Battle planner markers
  
  This list is info-based only and all of it may not be applicable to both backend and frontend.
  Only work on what you know you are able to do as a frontend programmer.
  
  Thanks and I look forward to seeing the results of your work!
